extend: [Function],
init: [Function],
toString: [Function],
toDate: [Function],
toFloat: [Function],
toInt: [Function],
toBoolean: [Function],
equals: [Function],
contains: [Function],
matches: [Function],
isEmail: [Function],
isURL: [Function],
isIP: [Function],
isFQDN: [Function],
isBoolean: [Function],
isAlpha: [Function],
isAlphanumeric: [Function],
isNumeric: [Function],
isDecimal: [Function],
isHexadecimal: [Function],
isHexColor: [Function],
isLowercase: [Function],
isUppercase: [Function],
isInt: [Function],
isFloat: [Function],
isDivisibleBy: [Function],
isNull: [Function],
isLength: [Function],
isByteLength: [Function],
isUUID: [Function],
isDate: [Function],
isAfter: [Function],
isBefore: [Function],
isIn: [Function],
isCreditCard: [Function],
isISIN: [Function],
isISBN: [Function],
isMobilePhone: [Function],
isCurrency: [Function],
isJSON: [Function],
isMultibyte: [Function],
isAscii: [Function],
isFullWidth: [Function],
isHalfWidth: [Function],
isVariableWidth: [Function],
isSurrogatePair: [Function],
isBase64: [Function],
isMongoId: [Function],
ltrim: [Function],
rtrim: [Function],
trim: [Function],
escape: [Function],
stripLow: [Function],
whitelist: [Function],
blacklist: [Function],
normalizeEmail: [Function] }
